Alex Option 1: Excuse me Madam, Do you know a Miss Tara Williams.
Felicity Jones: I might, who are you?!
Alex Option 1: I'm a special investigator on a mission to find information on Tara Williams. 
It would be great if you could assist me. So how do you know Tara?

Alex Option 2: Felicity Jones. Tell me what you know about Tara Williams immediately.
Felicity Jones: Ha, she's too good looking and rich for you. *snickers* Who are you anyway? And what do you want with Tara?
Alex Option 2: No time for questions. How do you know Tara?

Felicity Jones: I only just met Tara through a friend of ours at a charity event last week. 
Alex: Oh really?
Felicity Jones: Yeah we were participating in fundraiser. 

Alex Option 1: How would you describe Tara?
Felicity Jones: Well she's a Williams. You know them right? Wealthiest family in the city. They're always flaunting their wealth, like to spend big
and Tara is no different. You know whats ironic though? No amount of money can make you immune to diseases, or buy the remaining of Earth's precious resources.
Or, get them out of this polluted shit hole, that's for sure.
Alex: What do you mean?
Felicity Jones: Are you kidding me? Look around you. Everything is polluted, diseased, and the majority of us can't even get a nutrious meal these days.
I heard they're sending people to that new planet now. It's supposed to be clean, and they never go hungry there. Thank god it's supposed to be a fair process. 
No one can buy their way there. I'm still waiting to hear back from them. My application's been there for a few months now.

Alex Option 2: Hm...tell me more about the fundraiser
Felicity Jones: Well it was raising funds for all the orphan children in the city. Tara seemed like she wanted to help those poor homeless kids. One of the kids from the shelter Tommy was there. Let me show you some pictures from the event. 
Alex: Hm...Let me see that. *The date says 10:00am on the 11/11/2048.* (<---this is the clue)
Felicity Jones: Can I have my phone back now? Look, I really shouldn't be talking to you, I hardly know who you are. I gotta go now.

Alex Option 3: Do you know if she is involved with anyone?
Felicity Jones: What? Romantically or like the mob? I wouldn't know. Like I said, I only just met her at the fundraiser last week.
-> can go back to option 2: or
Alex: Right. Thanks.